So how can we continue to be faithful in spite of our human weaknesses?
Growing up I had like absolutely no help problems at all and I love playing basketball and I enjoyed my life in the congregation
This was a kid who had his whole life in front of him
It was taken away in a moment
November of 2019 I was diagnosed with a massive brain tumor
I'm saying like why me? Did I do something wrong? I wanted to know why I had to happen now
I'm close to 18 when I think is like the prime of my life
That night before I was going to have surgery was probably one of the scariest nights of my life
So I wanted to be able to still do the things I love and
I really just didn't want my lifetime
The count of David that was one that was very prominent in my mind
There was many times in his life where he had to fight foes that were very scary and life-threatening
And this situation I was dealing with was pretty scary and life-threatening
But I knew Jehovah had my back
We talked about getting the brothers from HLC there to talk to back us up with the alternatives
on his card
The doctor was impressed when he asked Elijah if he had any questions
And Elijah asked him a couple of questions about the procedure and then also brought up the blood issue
This showed the doctor that this was a young man who had his own stand his own convictions
If Jehovah tells me that blood is sacred and then I'm listening
Elijah kept on reminding us that even if he doesn't wake up on this surgery bed
No matter what happens he's still going to wake up whether it's now or in the future in paradise
They finally came out only to tell us that there was complication
Elijah fell into a coma and we were waiting on answers that the doctors weren't able to give us
It was roughly about close to five months
Then he was in a coma
However
Jehovah kept providing the friends the support
We kept getting texts telling us just how many friends were praying
for Elijah and for all of us to get through this
It's spring of 2020 is when I gradually began to wake up
It's way harder to
Move around as I used to super painful and hard. I have a taxi as of right now temporarily in my right hand
So I'm not able to perform certain activities as well as I would like to
In my heart, I love basketball and I wish I could
Participate but knowing I can't because I'm something I can't control physically. It's really hard on me
Job he was always a great example in the Bible to me
I view him in a totally different light now because he was also hit with a medical issue
So but he managed to maintain his faith and Jehovah eventually blessed Job for that
Since the coma Elijah's seal definitely has it lessened if anything it's increased
He gives a whole new meaning to widening out
Because we want to be a zealous and as busy in the ministry as he is
Elijah has not accomplished any of this in his own strength
He very quickly will give credit to Jehovah
But also will give credit to his family for the amount of support that he's received
And give credit to the brothers and sisters for the support he's received from them as well
He's been engaged in the field ministry and he's been active in doing whatever assignments we give him
Within the congregation we were able to appoint him a ministerial servant
He's got all of this support
He knows that Jehovah's with him and in that sense Jehovah truly is at his right hand
I know that we have a hope that Jehovah has given us in the future of perfect life
It gives me a goal and more of a motivation to help everyone reach that goal and get there
There's light at the end of the tunnel
So I thank Jehovah for that so much